The reply has arrived, how long do you have?
Love me to tell you, I just came back from the company,
Pretending for time can only be simply pretending,
Why do you Shaoping have one piece?
Thank you. It took you a while to send anything?
It's okay, the shoe has been shot, not yet?
What dissatisfied you?
I'm not, I'm very satisfied, after all, it's me who needs you.
You cultivate, what do you cultivate?
After all, it is your research,
Are you really willing to intervene with me, I heard,
Save your seats in the front section to comment quickly
But I still can’t go through it
This card contains 500,000 to 300,000 yuan
I hope you can accept me
Bring the ladies around to that bed